Mrs. Zhang,
they don't know me
These people think they're talking to Mrs. Zhang
Oh
I'm fine
She's fine
But Mrs. Zhang isn't fine
What are you talking about?
Mrs. Zhang is clearly standing by me
You mean... you're the real Mrs. Zhang?
I mean, before you start flattering
didn't you check
my information and photo?
What?
She's the real Mrs. Zhang?
Is it real or fake?
I think she's the real one
So they don't know Jian Dao
Then it's easier
What kind of Mrs. Zhang is she?
She's just our secretary at Jian An Real Estate
If you don't believe me
I'll call Zhang Wen Xu right now
On her phone, it seems like it's Mr. Zhang
It seems real
Did Zhang Wen Xu send you
just to cause trouble for me?
If that's the case
then I'll personally give you the title of Mrs. Zhang
and find another chance to kick you out
Look closely, have you seen enough?
Should I personally call Mr. Zhang?
and have him tell you himself
who the real Mrs. Zhang is?
Oh, no need, no need
We all believe you're Mrs. Zhang
Your unmatched presence
cannot be imitated
At least you have good eyes
I don't want to see her in the company
Do you understand me?